coexistence: fix protocol switch back to Zigbee (#122)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/includes/matter_extension_protocol_switch.txt

From Matter, the device persists Zigbee as the active protocol and reboots.
The protocol switch is ignored while the device is joining a Zigbee network or undergoing Matter commissioning.

Integrating the coexistence layer in ``AppTask::Init()`` requires two call sites:

1. Pass ``zigbee_matter_coexistence_pre_server_init`` as ``mPreServerInitClbk`` in ``Nrf::Matter::InitData`` before calling ``Nrf::Matter::PrepareServer()``.

>    This temporarily transfers the 802.15.4 radio to OpenThread so that ``InitThreadStack()`` can initialise the OT radio platform safely while Zigbee owns the dispatcher.

Reviewer: to US spelling
```suggestion
   This temporarily transfers the 802.15.4 radio to OpenThread so that ``InitThreadStack()`` initializes the OT radio platform safely while Zigbee owns the dispatcher.
```
